Update link to docs in README.md (#2403)
DataDog/datadog-api-client-python: README.md

## Documentation for API Endpoints and Models

> Documentation for API endpoints and models are available [here](https://datadoghq.dev/datadog-api-client-python/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation for API endpoints and models is available in the [API Client docs](https://datadoghq.dev/datadog-api-client-python/).
```
Avoid words like "here" for accessibility reasons
